we have three little boys but they're
trapped inside kitty cats bodies meow
Xena does it like this yeah in sometimes
he sticks his tongue out if he wants
treats no Jade if you ant if you ask him
a question you say Jade he'll actually
respond meow he responds like that and
leo he actually talks Leo will sing to
you later
we'll be heading out to Arizona where
our reporter Anna Garcia catches up with
Sammy and Amy but first let me tell you
about some more never-before-seen
footage during my lunch at Amy's Baking
Company I kept telling Sammy what was
wrong with the food but he refused to
tell Amy I remember thinking how strange
was that they wouldn't relate anything
to his wife but when I came back for
dinner service I learned why Sammy never
shares any negative comments with Amy
because she's completely incapable of
taking criticism what was the last time
you choked criticism from the customer
about one of your dishes the other day I
guess it
now that the lady didn't licensure
Sciuto and her caesar salad but it's on
the menu and if they don't like it we
can have it without it simple I mean I
I've taken criticism you know what
criticism is healthy
unfortunately no enough people told you
the truth store-bought frozen ravioli
yeah you still don't get it if I could
make everything from scratch I would
just pull over your husband's eyes he
can't do it to me no he's prepared to
listen I've never had an issue before of
you he's not scared of anybody my
husband if there ever is a problem
immediately he'll bring it back and let
Christine is a note and it's very rare
that it today you knew I was coming
today well I was if you come to my
restaurant make sure every play
that you finish is in front of me I was
trying to get feedback and no one would
give it to me why not
I don't like knowing don't want to
change
there is something order to clear up
they asked me to come and help them
right now I want to show you something
there's only ever been seen by myself
and the producers the show it's their
submission video oh boy
check it out so this is where all the
magic happens
oh my god it's a mess the biggest
problems with this restaurant would be
my husband is too nervous in the front
of the house he doesn't really have a
customer service background in any way
shape or form chicken licken odd you go
I go I don't know what to start Sammy
needs to be removed from the situation a
lot of times I think their customers
will probably not come back because of
something that Sammy may have said to
them like first reaction is just to
'county yells yes there have been a few
occasional times that he has had an
incident and that I myself have had a
few incidents with customers who are not
perfect but when people come in and
they're not nice to us we're not going
to be nice back to them on Yelp horrible
things were written about us that were
not true I retaliated and I told him
what I thought about him I told him that
he was a loser and he was a he was
a and he wasn't welcome in my
restaurant and he's not I have no
problem standing up for myself okay film
do you see him KITT date weekend we had
to stop cuz you were talking that's okay
this is the first kitchen I've ever
worked in where we're not really allowed
to talk to each other stop talking
everyone stop yeah no talking
I'm out here all the way so
screaming screaming smallest thing
happen it's like the end of the world
and then they just kind of feed off each
other in order for my restaurant to be
open we both have to be here 100% this
is our babies hold on a second I'm
getting extremely nervous right now
because I have so many things going on
back here and I can't remember the
questions you're asking because as soon
as you ask me I'm losing it if you don't
come in and spend $100 at least my food
is the best I'm telling you Jesus just
when you think it couldn't get any worse